BYOD Project: Fatal Accidents in 2011The goal of this project is to explore rates of fatal accidents fordifferent ages and states.In this project you will explore data kept by the federal governmenton fatal accidents. More specifically, you will examine data from theFatal Accident Reporting System (FARS). More information can be foundat http://www.nhtsa.gov/FARS.The SPSS data file, entitled Drivers_in_FARS2011.sav, contains datathat has been pulled from FARS 2011. This data file contains fivevariables:* STATE = numeric code that indicates the state location for the fatal accident* ST_CASE = id number for the fatal accident* A_DIST = numeric code indicating whether one of the drivers was distracted * AGE = age of the driver* SEX = sex of the driverOpen the SPSS data, Drivers_in_FARS2011.sav. Create an Rmarkdown fileand use it to generate your solutions.1. Make a histogram and box plot of AGE using SPSS.  Do you noticeanything concerning about the plots?2. Make a frequency table for AGE, Analyze > Descriptive Statistics >Frequencies. Note that the list contains a few really young “drivers”,who may be bicyclists; and some really old “drivers”. The really olddrivers are numbers used for missing values in AGE in the FARS 2011data file.  Set those to missing and rerun the analysis.3. Now that we have properly dealt with missing values, make a new boxplot and histogram for AGE.4. What features of the distribution can you see in the histogram thatyou cannot see in the box plot? Looking at just the histogram, howwould you describe the shape of the distribution?5. What is the mean, five number summary, IQR and standard deviationof AGE.6. Open the Excel file at Licensed_Drivers_2011.xlsx.  How many totallicensed drivers aged 24 years old or younger were there in 2011?  Howmany licensed drivers older than age 24 were there in 2011? [Hint: Usesubtraction from the appropriate total.]7. Use the frequency table for AGE (the second table obtained in Step2) to find the number of drivers involved in fatal accidents that areyounger than 24 years old and the number of drivers involved in fatalaccidents that are older than 24.  [Hint: Use subtraction from thetotal.]8. Use your results from Steps 6 and 7 to find the proportion ofdrivers 24 years old or younger that are involved in a fatal accidentand the proportion of drivers older than 24 that are involved in afatal accident.9. Since these small proportions are difficult to understand, we willcompute the rate (per 100,000 drivers) for drivers involved in a fatalaccidents who are 24 years old or younger. Similarly, we will computethe rate for drivers who are 25 or older. Interpret these results inthe context of the problem. Support your answer with the computedrates.10. Get a frequency table for STATE. You will use this frequency tablein future problems.11. Open the second SPSS file, entitledNoDrivers_FatalDrivers_Partial.sav, which contains the number ofdrivers and the number of drivers involved in fatal accidents bystate. You will observe that important data for states of Alaska andMichigan is missing.12. Open the Excel file entitled Licensed_Drivers_2011.xls. This filecontains the number of licensed drivers in each state. How manylicensed drivers there are in Alaska and Michigan? Compute how manyhundreds of thousands of drivers there are in Alaska andMichigan. Enter this data into the NoDrivers_FatalDrivers_Partial.savdata frame.13. Looking at the frequency table constructed in Step 10, find thenumber of fatal accidents that occurred in the states of Alaska andMichigan. Enter this data into the NoDrivers_FatalDrivers_Partial.savdata frame. Save the new data frame as NoDrivers_Fatalities.14. Using your newly-created data frame, entitledNoDrivers_Fatalities, create a new variable 'Rate <- Fatalities/@100ThouDrivers'.15. The variable 'Rate' should contain the number of fatalities per100,000 drivers for each state. This data can be used to produce achoropleth graph for the United States that color codes each stateusing its fatality rate.16. To make a choropleth map in SPSS Statistics for a scale (numeric)variable: go to Graphs > Graphboard Template Chooser > tab Detailed >Choropleth of Sums.17. Select Visualization type: Choropleth of Sums; and Set: Data Key =STATE, Color = Rate18. Click Select a Map File. For Map select 'United States', for MapKey select 'State'. Enter STATE in as your Data key. ClickCompare. All keys should match, meaning that for each state SPSS findsa corresponding location in the map.19. Click OK and OK again. The map is created in the output viewer.